## Where can I find other IOT resources ? 
- there are great resources linked form the IOT in Action event https://www.iotinactionevents.com/event/sydney/

## Where can I see good videos on IOT ? *todo*

This is a great talk on IOT Architecture
https://myignite.techcommunity.microsoft.com/sessions/66635?source=sessions 

https://msit.microsoftstream.com/video/05d62daa-5087-494e-914d-5f32c8b20b5a 


## What are digital twins ? *todo*
Azure Digital Twins is a new IoT platform to build comprehensive digital models of any physical environment. Available in public preview, the platform will provide a way to virtually represent the physical world and enable partners to build custom solutions that address people’s needs who occupy and manage these spaces by bringing together the full picture — people, places and devices. 

Article: https://blogs.microsoft.com/iot/2018/09/24/announcing-azure-digital-twins-create-digital-replicas-of-spaces-and-infrastructure-using-cloud-ai-and-iot/ 

Also, you can find more information under the following link:  https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/digital-twins/ 

## Can the data be exported from IoT Central?
Yes, using continuous data [export feature in Azure IoT Central](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-au/azure/iot-central/howto-export-data) you can periodically export data to your Azure Blob storage account. You can export measurements, devices, and device templates to files with the Apache AVRO format. The exported data can be used for cold path analytics like training models in Azure Machine Learning or long-term trend analysis in Microsoft Power BI.

## What is the data Retention policy for IoT Central?
Data is retained on a rolling 30-day basis and customers can continuously export their data using [the export feature in IoT Central](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-au/azure/iot-central/howto-export-data).

## Link to reference architectures? 
Please use [this link](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au/blog/azure-iot-reference-architecture-update/
) to download Azure IoT Reference Architecture update. #todo 

## What is Time Series Insights service? How is it different to Stream Analytics?
[Time Series Insights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/time-series-insights/time-series-insights-overview) is built for storing, visualizing, and querying large amounts of time series data, such as that generated by IoT devices. If you want to store, manage, query, or visualize time series data in the cloud, Time Series Insights is the right choice.

[Azure Stream Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-au/azure/stream-analytics/stream-analytics-introduction) is an event-processing engine that allows you to examine high volumes of data streaming from devices. It also supports extracting information from data streams, identifying patterns, and relationships. You can then use these patterns to trigger other actions downstream, like alerts, feed information to a reporting tool, or store it for later use. To examine the streams, you create a Stream Analytics job that specifies the input source that streams data. The job also specifies a transformation query that defines how to look for data, patterns, or relationships. The transformation query leverages a SQL-like query language that is used to filter, sort, aggregate, and join streaming data over a period of time.

## What is Custom gateway?
For devices that require protocol translation or some form of custom processing before reaching the cloud gateway communication endpoint. A cloud gateway is the part of the cloud-based architecture that enables remote communication to and from devices or field gateways, which potentially reside at several different sites. A cloud gateway will either be reachable over the public Internet, or a network virtualization overlay (VPN), or private network connections into Azure datacenters, to insulate the cloud gateway and all of its attached devices or field gateways from another network traffic.

## What is Field Gateway?
A field gateway is a specialized device-appliance or general-purpose software that acts as a communication enabler and, potentially, as a local device control system and device data processing hub. A field gateway can perform local processing and control functions toward the devices; on the other side it can filter or aggregate the device telemetry and thus reduce the amount of data being transferred to the cloud backend.

## How devices communicate with the field gateway?
Field gateway is useful for devices using industry specific protocols (such as CoAP5, OPC), short-range communication technologies such as Bluetooth, ZigBee, as well as for resource-constrained devices not capable of hosting a TLS/SSL stack, or devices not exposed to the Internet. 

## Azure IoT Central administration?
After you create a Microsoft Azure IoT Central application, you can use the Administration section of the Azure IoT Central user interface to administer it. To go to the Administration section, select Administration on the left navigation menu. To access and use [the Administration section](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-central/howto-administer), you must be in the Administrator role for an Azure IoT Central application. If you create an Azure IoT Central application, you're automatically assigned to the Administrator role for that application. The Managing Users section in this article explains more about how to assign the Administrator role to other users. The Administration section enables you to: manage users, manage roles, view billing information, manage application settings, offer a free trial.

## When application is created in Azure IoT Central, it does not reflect in Azure Portal
When users create an IoT Central trial (Free) it does not require Azure Subscription therefore it will not reflect in Azure Portal. A user can have only one active trial at a time. The trial allows users to add up to 5 devices (real or simulated) and lasts for 7 days after activation. [Follow this link](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/iot-central/) and navigate to FAQ for trial limitations. 



